Fix broken links to documentation pages (#3147)
apache/camel: CONTRIBUTING.md

   - Create a commit and raise a Pull Request
- If you want to add more documentation check for .adoc in codebase 

> For more information see [How does the website work](https://github.com/apache/camel/blob/master/docs/user-manual/modules/ROOT/pages/faq/how-does-the-website-work.adoc) or [How do I edit the website for more details](https://github.com/apache/camel/blob/master/docs/user-manual/modules/ROOT/pages/faq/how-do-i-edit-the-website.adoc).

Reviewer: Perhaps we can point to the rendered documentation on the website.

```suggestion
For more information see [How does the website work](https://camel.apache.org/manual/latest/faq/how-does-the-website-work.html) or [How do I edit the website for more details](https://camel.apache.org/manual/latest/faq/how-do-i-edit-the-website.html).
```
